chore: contributing in readme (#284)
apitable/apitable: README.md

> There are many ways in which you can contribute, beyond writing code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to writing code, there are many ways for you to contribue.
```

> Such as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can contribute as following:
```

> - Join [Crowdin Translation Project](https://crowdin.com/project/apitablecode/invite?h=f48bc26f9eb188dcd92d5eb4a66f2c1f1555185)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Join and modify translations in our [Crowdin Translation Project](https://crowdin.com/project/apitablecode/invite?h=f48bc26f9eb188dcd92d5eb4a66f2c1f1555185)
```

- Create [Issues](https://github.com/apitable/apitable/issues/new/choose)
- Follow our [Twitter](https://twitter.com/apitable_com)
- Create [Documentation](./docs)
- [Contributing Code](./docs/contribute/developer-guide.md)

You can read this repository’s [Contributing Guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute.

Here's a quick guide to help you contribute to APITable.

### Development environment

> Learn how to set up your local environment, in our [Developer Guide](./docs/contribute/developer-guide.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to set up your local environment, go to our [Developer Guide](./docs/contribute/developer-guide.md).
```
